1h1 Changes (#36)
CarterKoala/wca-regulations-wrc: wca-guidelines.md

- 1h+) [RECOMMENDATION] Competitors in the same group should use the same scramble sequences. Different groups should use different scramble sequences.
- 1h++) [RECOMMENDATION] All attempts in the final round of an event, as well as all 3x3x3 Fewest Moves attempts, should have the same scramble sequences for all competitors (i.e. only 1 group).
- 1h+++) [ADDITION] Competitors may request to compete at a time different to the scheduled time for the round in a separate group. The WCA Delegate should carefully consider the fairness and practicality of the situation before approving any such requests, and must ensure that such attempts follow [Regulation 9l](regulations:regulation:9l) (i.e. they must start after all competitors have finished their attempts from any previous round of the same event, and finish before any competitor has started an attempt for any following round of the same event). Competitors requesting such accommodations should contact the organization team and WCA Delegate before the competition. Exception: such accommodations are not permitted for 3x3x3 Fewest Moves, which specifies its own limited accommodations in [Guideline E2b++](guidelines:guideline:E2b++).

> - 1h1a+) [CLARIFICATION] Judges who are competing in the FMC attempt they are judging must not begin grading attempts until they have finished their own attempt. They may begin grading before the end of the 60 minutes if they have submitted their attempt early (see [Guideline E2b+](guidelines:guideline:E2b+)). They must get another judge to grade their own attempt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 1h1a+) [CLARIFICATION] Judges who are competing in a 3x3x3 Fewest Moves attempt they are judging must not begin grading attempts until they have finished their own attempt. They may begin grading before the end of the 60 minutes if they have submitted their attempt early (see [Guideline E2b+](guidelines:guideline:E2b+)). They must get another judge to grade their own attempt.
```
FMC is not official language :)
